UNIT FILE                                  STATE   
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled 
acpid.service                              disabled
alsa-restore.service                       static  
alsa-state.service                         static  
alsa-utils.service                         masked  
anacron-resume.service                     enabled 
anacron.service                            enabled 
apport-forward@.service                    static  
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static  
apt-daily.service                          static  
autovt@.service                            enabled 
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled 
bluetooth.service                          enabled 
bootlogd.service                           masked  
bootlogs.service                           masked  
bootmisc.service                           masked  
brltty-udev.service                        static  
brltty.service                             enabled 
checkfs.service                            masked  
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked  
checkroot.service                          masked  
colord.service                             static  
console-getty.service                      disabled
console-setup.service                      static  
console-shell.service                      disabled
container-getty@.service                   static  
cron.service                               enabled 
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked  
cryptdisks.service                         masked  
cups-browsed.service                       enabled 
cups.service                               enabled 
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service      disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static  
dbus.service                               static  
debug-shell.service                        disabled
display-manager.service                    enabled 
dns-clean.service                          enabled 
emergency.service                          static  
failsafe-x.service                         static  
friendly-recovery.service                  enabled 
fuse.service                               masked  
fwupd-offline-update.service               static  
fwupd.service                              static  
fwupdate-cleanup.service                   static  
getty-static.service                       static  
getty@.service                             enabled 
gpu-manager.service                        enabled 
halt.service                               masked  
hostname.service                           masked  
hwclock.service                            masked  
ifup@.service                              static  
initrd-cleanup.service                     static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static  
initrd-switch-root.service                 static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static  
isc-dhcp-server.service                    enabled 
isc-dhcp-server6.service                   enabled 
kerneloops.service                         disabled
keyboard-setup.service                     disabled
killprocs.service                          masked  
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static  
kmod.service                               static  
lightdm.service                            enabled 
lighttpd.service                           enabled 
ModemManager.service                       enabled 
module-init-tools.service                  static  
motd.service                               masked  
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked  
mountall.service                           masked  
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked  
mountkernfs.service                        masked  
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked  
mountnfs.service                           masked  
mysql.service                              enabled 
network-manager.service                    enabled 
networking.service                         enabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled 
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled 
NetworkManager.service                     enabled 
plymouth-halt.service                      static  
plymouth-kexec.service                     static  
plymouth-log.service                       static  
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static  
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static  
plymouth-quit.service                      static  
plymouth-read-write.service                static  
plymouth-reboot.service                    static  
plymouth-start.service                     static  
plymouth-switch-root.service               static  
plymouth.service                           static  
polkitd.service                            static  
pppd-dns.service                           enabled 
procps.service                             static  
quotaon.service                            static  
rc-local.service                           static  
rc.local.service                           static  
rc.service                                 masked  
rcS.service                                masked  
reboot.service                             masked  
rescue.service                             static  
resolvconf.service                         enabled 
rmnologin.service                          masked  
rsync.service                              disabled
rsyslog.service                            enabled 
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled
saned.service                              masked  
saned@.service                             indirect
sendsigs.service                           masked  
serial-getty@.service                      disabled
setvtrgb.service                           static  
sigpwr-container-shutdown.service          static  
single.service                             masked  
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled 
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled 
snapd.service                              enabled 
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static  
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled 
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked  
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked  
syslog.service                             enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static  
systemd-backlight@.service                 static  
systemd-binfmt.service                     static  
systemd-bootchart.service                  disabled
systemd-bus-proxyd.service                 static  
systemd-exit.service                       static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static  
systemd-fsck@.service                      static  
systemd-fsckd.service                      static  
systemd-halt.service                       static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static  
systemd-hibernate.service                  static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static  
systemd-initctl.service                    static  
systemd-journal-flush.service              static  
systemd-journald.service                   static  
systemd-kexec.service                      static  
systemd-localed.service                    static  
systemd-logind.service                     static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static  
systemd-modules-load.service               static  
systemd-networkd-resolvconf-update.service static  
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                   static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static  
systemd-random-seed.service                static  
systemd-reboot.service                     static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static  
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled
systemd-rfkill.service                     static  
systemd-suspend.service                    static  
systemd-sysctl.service                     static  
systemd-timedated.service                  static  
systemd-timesyncd.service                  disabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static  
systemd-udevd.service                      static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                static  
systemd-user-sessions.service              static  
thermald.service                           enabled 
udev-configure-printer@.service            static  
udev.service                               static  
udisks2.service                            disabled
ufw.service                                enabled 
umountfs.service                           masked  
umountnfs.service                          masked  
umountroot.service                         masked  
unattended-upgrades.service                enabled 
upower.service                             disabled
urandom.service                            static  
ureadahead-stop.service                    static  
ureadahead.service                         enabled 
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static  
usbmuxd.service                            static  
user@.service                              static  
uuidd.service                              indirect
vboxautostart-service.service              enabled 
vboxballoonctrl-service.service            enabled 
vboxdrv.service                            enabled 
vboxweb-service.service                    enabled 
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static  
whoopsie.service                           enabled 
wpa_supplicant.service                     disabled
x11-common.service                         masked  

202 unit files listed.
